== README

Add user data to html of reviews and fetch that data for fb's use
resident webdeveloper Sarah Stroh is thinking of ideas for a project that might help out the fam
one idea she had was
1. compile list of parties and write reviews either here w #famreview or on the site its self

2. some sort of event organizer, a lot of times will comment

3. users index page

#create party planners
#VIP members like rotten tomatoes********
#add auto post to facebook for reviews
#add calandar that cross references bands in town ny
hide name button

Promoters/Music Festivals
carmel productions - I feel parties
cityfox- promoters
Something different - chromed parties
Under the sound - parties
bangOn
Resolute
Unicorn meat?
daybreaker
Red bull music academy
uncode
zigzag
the fam
Ebb & Flow
GovBall
EDC NY
Coachella
Burning Man

HAVE MEMBERS PUT REVIEWS DIRECTLY IN THE FAM WITH #deejbase

So I'm thinking of creating a website that compiles feedback on parties you guys have attended. I think it's hard to keep track of which party planner are better than other - or djs- or venues and this would be away of doing that

Next time you decide what party you want to go to you can just check out the site -thoughts?

add "see more" on reviews
AUTOCOMPLETE search form for venues and djs? remote dj source


having ppl find out something exists via the strongest possible usecase
social proof

some startup used this in this way
person not affiliated with you to post it

add photo uploader
add social aspect
Add review button to index pages

Add message in DJ sign up button
ADD:
MANUALY AD DJS TO EVENTS
the box
DJs at Warehouse parties
make it so you cant claim your own review
baby blue
create venue algorithm
"My Reviews" button on upper right corner
sink up rating
Add claim event push notification

Later:
1. tweet at djs to claim profile
2. rating system, i review
3. import contact info from db in csv form
1. tie venues into djs
7. add image uploader/ability to edit
13. scratch academy, dupspot
cold emailing:
http://www.fastcompany.com/3036672/hit-the-ground-running/what-we-learned-from-sending-1000-cold-emails

JQuery UI sortable to change order of blocks -some compatibility issues with ember
Image uploader
https://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip
Testing<strong> http://www.opinionatedprogrammer.com/2011/02/capybara-and-selenium-with-rspec-and-rails-3/ </strong>

<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
☆♥☆ heroku pg:psql
Your version of git is 2.1.1. Which has serious security vulnerabilities.
More information here: https://blog.heroku.com/archives/2014/12/23/update_your_git_clients_on_windows_and_os_x
---> Connecting to HEROKU_POSTGRESQL_YELLOW_URL (DATABASE_URL)
psql (9.3.5)
SSL connection (cipher: DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA, bits: 256)
Type "help" for help.

deejbase::YELLOW=> \copy (SELECT * FROM venues) TO venues.csv DELIMITER ',' CSV HEADER;

http://www.had2know.com/academics/regression-calculator-statistics-best-fit.html

http://www.mathsisfun.com/data/grapher-equation.html


How was your weekend in music?

There's so much talent in NY. Maybe too much. So why do some venues hire awful DJs? And why aren't the talented DJs rewarded with more than $100/night?

DeeJBase's mission is to create more accountability in the NYC music scene through a curation system by the people who are paying attention and really care - you and me. So how can you help?

Go to www.deejbase.com/venues


  <!--     <h6>Playback Count:# <%= #number_with_delimiter(track.playback_count, delimiter: ',') %> | 
      Favorites Count: #<%= #number_with_delimiter(track.favoritings_count, delimiter: ',') %></h6> -->

            <h4>Sound Cloud Followers: <%= number_with_delimiter(@dj.sdcl_followers, :delimiter => ',') if @dj.sdcl_followers %></h4>

            
        <h5>FB Likes: <%= number_with_delimiter(dj.fb_likes, :delimiter => ',') %></h5>
